# Privacy Policy

> This is a draft of privacy policy. Please review and update it wisely.

### 1. Introduction

This Privacy Policy sets out how we, **YOUR COMPANY NAME** member of LiveChat Developer Program, use and protect your data that you provide to us, or that is otherwise obtained or generated by us, connected with your use of my cloud-based Service (the "Service"). For this Privacy Policy, "we", "us", and "our" refers to **YOUR COMPANY NAME**, and 'you' refers to you, the user of the Service.

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at <a href="mailto:support@your-company.com">support@your-company.com</a>.

#### 1.1 Privacy Principles</h3>

We have two fundamental principles when it comes to collecting and processing private data:

- We don't use your data to show you ads.
- We only store the data that Service needs to function as an easy-to-use meeting arranging system.

### 2. Legal Ground for Processing Your Personal Data

We process your data on the ground that such processing is necessary to further our legitimate interests, including providing effective and innovative Service to our users.

Since we use LiveChat, Inc.’s Services you may be interested in reviewing their privacy policy available under the following links: LiveChat's privacy policy: <a href="https://www.livechat.com/legal/privacy-policy/" target="_blank">https://www.livechat.com/legal/privacy-policy/</a>

### 3. What Personal Data We Use

#### 3.1 Basic Account Data

The app is use your LiveChat Email address as User identifier.

#### 3.2 LiveChat Account Data

When you install an app using LiveChat Marketplace, we store your LiveChat account information with LiveChat Access Token. LiveChat Access Token has a limited permissions that allow to retrieve a list of agents.

#### 3.4 Cookie

The app doesn't use cookies.

#### 3.4 Browser Local Storage

The app use your Browser Local Storage to cache information about agents and his private chats.

#### 3.5 Log files

During every access of our website, user data is transmitted by the respective Internet browser and stored in protocol files, the so-called server log files. The datasets may contain such data as date and time of access, name website, IP address, the amount of data transmitted, product and version information of the browser used.

### 4. Keeping Your Personal Data Safe

We store your data in the "us-east-1" AWS data center (North Virginia, USA). These are third-party-provided data centers in which we rent a designated space. However, the servers and networks that sit inside these data centers and your personal data are owned by us. As such, we do not share your personal data with such data centers.

All data is encrypted via SSL/TLS when transmitted from our servers to your browser.

#### 4.2 Retention

Unless stated otherwise in this Privacy Policy, the personal data you provide us will only be stored for as long as we must fulfill our obligations regarding the provision of the Services.

### 6. Changes to this privacy policy

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. Therefore, we encourage you to review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices. Suppose there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy. In that case, you will be notified by posting a notice on the website before the change becoming effective. If you do not accept any changes made to this Privacy Policy, please discontinue the use of the website and the Services.
